1.	Template selected is showing wrong value and quote number may be off on submitted form Tick
2.	Plan types are both highlighted on submitted form Tick
3.	“As selected” not showing the options in the estimation selection on submitted form Tick
4.	Landscaping options not ticking/unticking properly   Tick
5.	Timber framing not shown on the estimate for some reason.....
6.	Mailto link hasn’t been tested yet just added quickly.  Tick

7.	Final form has prenail questions even if prenail not ticked
8.	Some weirdness happening with borders on submitted file
9.	Currently it takes about 20secs to upload a job, might be able to get this down to  15 secs
10.	Images not loading on Any submitted form, may need to get an SVG or build one to fix this so probably not tonight, but placeholder is there
11.	All communication in the emails sent out is not finalised and partially just there as a stand in.

shaun@hillsideitm.co.nz


1.	Add VIP to Prenail
2.	Add IFT to prenail
3.	Add Dominator Rodney to Garage Doors
4.	Copy and paste Drop Box links?
5.	Wall Framing, Change Beams to External Beams….same for posts ( eg. Verandah )
6.
7.	Stipulate 50 lm Random Bracing ( extra for temp bracing prenails )
8.	Random wall framing =   H1.2 / H3.2 / H3 plates all go together as they refer to the treatment selection for the frames…otherwise as per plan
9.
10.	Strapping is either Timber battens or Metal, eg Rondo

15/11/2022
Add an export file
Fix/test everything

https://script.google.com/macros/s/AKfycbzMhlQp1hUiPztLXMMHSghuXYXDOs4r-axebnBiFHjnGmRqhfmU8TRpSUqQFwqDhINw/exec


Missing 03/11/2022
1. Plan type only consented label showing
2 Version number maybe not uploading
3 Drop box links maybe missing
4 Additional information missing from everything
5 Roof framing completely boned for some reason
Timber floor showing close arrows
Full form missing estimate request

28/11/22
1. Beautification
2. Adding logo/signature
3. Header change
Issued for? Where does this field come from? Can we get “ ITM Coop MHMTT” in the subject line

Eg New Job, No. 524-0066, from ITM Estimations Coop MHMTT, Loaded by “Rep” , for Client “Customer name”
MHMTT meaning Matakana/ Hillside/ Mahia/ Taupo/ Turangi

4. Add more data to CSV
5. Add job number to CSV


6. Outsourcing

add “Ullrich” to Cladding, “supply only”
add “Simonite” to Cladding

For now….please turn off Ribraft or re purpose it to Miscellaneous, refer below in tweaks


7. Tweaks?

Can you add a box or boxes where you enter an email, and whatever email is in that box, they will get an opportunity to quote from plan?
Eg. If a rep went and spoke to a louvre tech installer and said ‘ I’ll send you the plans” ….then they could fill this box out and away it goes etc….louvre tech of course, not being a set up supplier, or scaffold / bins / toilets / signage etc etc
Or even an opportunity to email themself for their own record.

8. Prenail

Prenail “selection “…the reference to extras is “Other “

9. Timber floor section

Can this be renamed Timber Floor & Mid Floor? Sometimes the reps write midfloor in the notes because there isn’t a section for it….eg, what if someone only wanted a mid floor

10. Wall Framing Section

Random to read add “50lm Random” temp bracing

Strapping is either timber or metal, so take out either metal & timber option…and just leave strapping ( put it next to Capping….commonly call cap& strap )
Or….take out the Strapping tick box…forcing a metal / timber selection ( when timber was short, builders opted to go to metal against the spec )

Put in “Framing treatment” H1.2, H3.2 , H3 Btm Plates ( this tells the estimator what frame treatment to use, opposed to whats on the plan, eg, builder may want to upgrade to H3.2 instead)

11. Update email list with files

12. Add new template letter

01/12/2022
1. Send all emails to Shaun
2. Be really nice to have our branches on there…this is all the reps will see, we are ITM but we are private owned etc.
3. Tidy print formatting
4. Add outsourcing section to estimate
5. Add Prenail job number field
